<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="abstract">
    <title>Abstract</title>
    <body>
        <p>At its core, the goal of this project is to create an abstraction layer for the DITA Open
            Toolkit compilation process that "fixes" a few pain-points. These "fixed" (to a degree)
            aspects are:</p>
        <ul id="ul_zqc_cdh_zlb">
            <li>An easy-to-use project file system allowing easy automation</li>
            <li>Installing DITA-OT in autonomous environments (such as Continuous Integration)</li>
            <li>DITA OT Plugin dependencies (local and remote) for specific compilations</li>
            <li>Local plugin reinstallation from a development directory. A documentation repository
                contains a customized PDF plugin in a folder. <cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname>
                automatically (re-) installs this plugin before compiling.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>A config file can look as simple as this:</p>
        <codeblock>{
  "input": "input.dita",
  "plugins": [
    "org.dita.pdf2",
    "./org.mypdf.plugin"
  ],
  "transtype": "companyPDF"
}</codeblock>
        <p>This automatically compiles using the local <filepath>org.mypdf.plugin</filepath>
            folder's plugin. It also uses the <varname>companyPDF</varname>transtype this plugin
            might defines.</p>
        <p>With this config file, everything involved in compiling this (without the plugin being
            pre-installed etc.) is running</p>
        <codeblock>$ <userinput><cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname> config.json</userinput></codeblock>
        <p>from your command line. It's as easy as that.</p>
    </body>
</topic>
