<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="compile_dita_documents">
    <title>Compile DITA documents</title>
    <shortdesc>Compiling DITA documents using the <cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Create a <filepath>config.json</filepath> for your project.</cmd>
                <tutorialinfo>The <filepath>config.json</filepath> defines how your document gets
                        compiled.<note>You can find a few examples for configurations in the
                        repositories <filepath>samples</filepath> directory. All options of the
                        config file are documented below in the <xref href="json_config_file.dita"/>
                        section.</note></tutorialinfo>
                <stepxmp>In this case, we want to compile a <filepath>document.ditamap</filepath>
                    file using the <varname>markdown</varname> transtype. Our
                        <filepath>config.json</filepath> (next to our DITA map file) could therefore
                    look like
                    this:<codeblock><data><title><filepath>config.json</filepath></title></data>{
    "input": "document.ditamap",
    "plugins": ["org.lwdita"],
    "transtype": "markdown"
}</codeblock></stepxmp>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Compile your document using the <cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname></cmd>
                <tutorialinfo>In your command line,
                        run:<codeblock>$ <userinput><cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname> config.json</userinput></codeblock><note>By
                        default, the DITA command output is hidden. To enable it, use the
                            <varname>-v</varname> or <varname>--verbose</varname> argument in your
                        command:<codeblock>$ <userinput><cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname> <varname>-v</varname> config.json</userinput></codeblock></note></tutorialinfo>
                <stepresult>After a short while, the tool outputs <systemoutput>> Compilation
                        successful.</systemoutput>. The document is now compiled.</stepresult>
                <steptroubleshooting>If compilation isn't successful, re-run the command using the
                        <varname>--verbose</varname> option and follow the instructions in the error
                    message shown there.</steptroubleshooting>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>Your document is now compiled and is in the <filepath>out</filepath> folder next to
            your <filepath>config.json</filepath>.</result>
    </taskbody>
</task>
