<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="compile_multiple_documents">
    <title>Compile multiple documents</title>
    <shortdesc>Compile multiple documents with one command using <cmdname>glob</cmdname>
        patterns</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_wtq_ytd_1mb">The CLI makes use of the node <xref
                href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/glob" format="html" scope="external">glob</xref>
            library. For possible glob patterns and other information, please refer to their
            documentation. Basic knowledge of glob patterns is required to fully understand this
            task.</prereq>
        <context>
            <p>When you have multiple configurations, e.g., for multiple maps and/or multiple
                deliverables per map, it is possible to compile all of them using just one
                command.</p>
            <p>To provide an example, we'll assume you have the following directory structure
                    (<filepath>samples/sample-3</filepath> provides a similar
                example):<codeblock><filepath>./ (current working directory)</filepath>
    end-user-manual-pdf.json (<apiname>input</apiname> => <filepath>./end-user-manual.ditamap</filepath>) 
    end-user-manual-html.json (<apiname>input</apiname> => <filepath>./end-user-manual.ditamap</filepath>)
    end-user-manual.ditamap (A DITA map)
    [...] (DITA documents)</codeblock></p>
            <note type="tip">To avoid confusion, we suggest to specify individual
                    <apiname>output</apiname> directories in your configuration files for each
                configuration. This way, each configuration will have exactly one corresponding
                output directory.</note>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the <cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname> command using a glob pattern to match
                    your configuration files</cmd>
                <tutorialinfo>The same patterns as with <xref href="compile_dita_documents.dita"/>
                    apply here. The only difference is using a glob pattern instead of the file name
                    of a config file.</tutorialinfo>
                <stepxmp>In our example from above, we need to
                    run<codeblock>$ <userinput><cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname> end-user-manual-*.json</userinput></codeblock></stepxmp>
                <stepresult><cmdname>dita-ot-helper</cmdname> will process (i.e., compile) all the
                    JSON files matching the patterns.</stepresult>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_g45_mvd_1mb">All configurations are compiled.</result>
    </taskbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/glob" format="html" scope="external"/>
    </related-links>
</task>
